---
geometry: margin=1in
fontsize: 12pt
urlcolor: blue
header-includes: |
    \usepackage[scaled]{beramono}
    \usepackage{setspace}\doublespacing
    \usepackage{float}
    \floatplacement{figure}{H}
    \pagenumbering{gobble}
title: |
  | \vspace{3cm} \large TÖL502M - Human Computer Interaction 
  | \vspace{0.2cm} \Huge Project Ei1 - IDEO Cards
author: |
  | Student: Jaan Jaerving \vspace{0.2cm} 
  | Email: jaj20@hi.is \vspace{8cm}
date: \small \today
...

\pagebreak
\pagenumbering{arabic}

# Selecting the project

The project chosen for this assignment is:

*c) View an exhibition at the National Museum of Iceland*

It is likely that COVID-19 would have had an effect on this process so it would be beneficial to evaluate whether any adjustments should considered. 

# Learn (Activity Analysis)

In order to identify any issues that may have arisen from the disruptions of the last few years as well and learn which stakeholders should be considered it seemed obvious to use the **Activity Analysis** method.

The process of going to view an exhibit at the National Museum can be broken down into several steps, each with their own interaction component. These steps can also differ slightly depending on which persona is being targeted.

Initially there is the task of checking which exhibitions are available and when they can be accessed. Primarily this would be done through the website of the museum and would therefore be a cognitive task for the user but it is also possible to approach this as a social task by going to the museum in person and asking on the spot.

The question of opening hours would be quickly answered in either case, for the website these are displayed on the front page as well as on the doors of the museum itself.

The question of checking which exhibitions are available is a slightly more complex task, the information about current exhibits is not provided immediately on the website and accessing the schedule is not an identical process for the English and Icelandic language sites. They are split into navigation categories of:

\pagebreak

* Museum information
  - Permanent Exhibitions
  - Temporary Exhibitions

and

* Sýningar & Viðburðir
  - Eldri sýningar
  - Sýningar í gangi

In any case an exhibition ticket as such does not exist so the decision is mostly reduced to the question of whether or not there is a temporary (or permanent) exhibition of interest that is being shown at a suitable time.

The process of buying a ticket is also more confusing than it needs to be. There is a prominently displayed navigation button marked *Web Store* or *Vefverslun* but this link only leads to memorabilia. Instead the ticket pricing can be found in a sub-menu under *Museum information* and *Þjónusta* respectively, once again the navigation links differ between languages.

The target groups here are somewhat unclear. The ticket selection is as follows:

* Adult (Valid for one year) **2500 kr**.
* Children **0 kr**.
* Seniors **1200 kr**.
* Disabled **0 kr**.
* Annual cardholder **2500 kr**.

Immediately there is some confusion, comparing the pricing page to the purchasing page it is apparent that the adult ticket and the annual cardholder tickets are actually identical, in fact the pricing page does not even mention an adult ticket. Similarly pricing mentions a student ticket for 1200 kr. that isn't visible on the purchasing page.

# Look (A day in the Life)

To supplement the information gathered from **Activity Analysis** I decided to take some time to spend **A Day in the Life** of a museum visitor. I visited the National Museum with my mother in order to both double check whether the any of the aforementioned problems would rear their heads and also to fill in the blanks that were initially left unanswered, such as the student card that could not be purchased and the social interactions that would be required at location.

Observing the activities on the spot provided some additional insight. The process of purchasing an adult ticket online is somewhat redundant, access to the exhibits is defined by green cardboard markers with the museums logo. This means that in order to gain access you must obtain such a marker from the front desk regardless of if you already paid, as such having to purchase a student entry pass (which did indeed exist) and getting the marker at the same time took effectively the same time as simply getting the marker for pre-purchased adult access.

It is also worth noting that the Museum appeared to have hundreds of tourists as visitors at the time. While this extra step of obtaining a marker might have been a quick process, it appears that the museum has thankfully recovered from COVID-19 rather well and therefore there are waiting lines for the front desk. Perhaps it would be worth exploring whether an automated digital solution could be used for pre-purchased tickets, e.g. a QR-code that could be scanned when moving into the exhibition areas.

Outside of this potentially unnecessary step to obtain an entrance marker the process of actually going and seeing the exhibits is well done. The layout is well defined and audio guides can be found on the website (although this too is laid out differently depending on chosen language).

# Ask (Extreme User Interviews)

Based on the ticket system observed in the **learn** section as well as the visitors observed during the **look** section it would likely be interesting to proceed by conducting **Extreme User Interviews**. The reason this seems likely to yield results is that the primary target users, at least according to the ticket categories, would be locals who are regulars (e.g. either free senior access or unlimited access for a year with a regular ticket) or tourists who will visit once at most. This provides us the two interview groups of people who are extremely familiar or completely unfamiliar. And we could use the information from these interviews to flesh out both the first interaction web experience as well as the marker access system.
